[Music]
hey guys i'm explaining a movie and
named superme
the film starts while showing a man his
name was q
and he was traveling on the train but
then the lights turn off and a dreadful
shadow comes there
that shadow attacks him and hits him
with the floor of the train
in the next scene we see that he wakes
up it means this was just his dream
but the worst dream in which that shadow
has killed him
here we know the details of you that he
is a writer
he has the skills but has no ideas not
many people approach him
he doesn't earn much because of it he
doesn't have money
he has taken loans from the people and
were asking to repay back
he was worried because of it a girl
named hua works in a cafe here
you likes her and then we see you with
his friend he was talking with him that
i couldn't sleep
i am suffering from insomnia and this is
a disease in which i can't sleep
do you know when i try to sleep a shadow
comes into my dreams and kill me
and it scares me due to it i immediately
wake up
i am upset because of it he also tells
that he has consulted many doctors
but nobody told the solution to this his
friend says that leave all this and
don't give me excuses
complete the task i have given you and
you have only one week
but you couldn't do this you was living
in a rented house
and he couldn't pay the rent of the
current month he was thrown out of the
house
and he thinks that i have to do
something for my survival he starts
doing a job in a cafe
he does work on his laptop then suddenly
he feels sleepy
and then the shadow comes to his dream
and kills him he gets up and says that
doesn't know what is this problem
i am fed up with my life i don't have
money home
and i also couldn't sleep i will commit
suicide
while thinking this he climbs up a
building to commit suicide
he was doing this because he doesn't
want to die again and again
he was about to jump but then an old man
comes and saves him
he also gives him food he was the man
from whom you purchases the pancakes
here you starts eating the food that the
old man gives him
it seems like he is hungry he tells his
problems to that old man
the old man says that don't get nervous
and when you see the dream and the
shadow will come to kill you
you just have to say i am dreaming i am
just seeing a dream
you will overcome it then you leaves
from there he sees that girl who are
there whom he likes
but while seeing she turns into a shadow
she starts stabbing a sword into his
chest
and you speaks that i am dreaming and he
wakes up but the weird thing
is that the sword with he was killing it
was in his hand and he gets shocked
then he comes to know that i have woken
up from a dream this is his world
now he was learning some ways to
differentiate between dreams and reality
after thinking when you seize that sword
he feels that it is unique
he goes to the ancient shop it buys old
and unique
things here he comes to know that this
sword is antique and very expensive
he w gets a lot of money in return for
that sword
he has good food from this he lives in a
great hotel
he even purchases a new laptop he feels
this life is luxury
and he starts thinking that i see this
sword in my dreams and i have taken this
for my dream
it means i have the power that i take
things out of my dreams
it is best he thinks that tonight i will
again sleep
with this purpose that tonight whatever
i will see in my dream
i will take it to this world with me i
will sell it and my circumstances will
improve gradually
when he sleeps at night that shadow
again comes this time attacks him with
an antique axe
but he again comes to the real world
with that axe he immediately sells that
axe in the antique store
this time he has a lot of money getting
them he was happy because his life has
changed within two days
he thinks that now i will do this he
feels that his dreams are becoming his
strength
not his weakness that's why it is said
that we should search for positivity
and strength in everything you purchases
a book in which there were pictures of a
museum
he sees them and sees the antique things
on it so that they will come to his
dream
he will bring tonight a good and most
antique thing when he sleeps he sees
that museum in his dream
he becomes happy but this time the
shadow kills him
he wakes up and takes the tablet and
sleeps again
this time when the shadow was attacking
him he picks up some ancient things from
there
then he comes to this world when he
takes these things and goes to sell them
again to the antique store
a gangster notices use this activity
that from where he brings those new
things
he starts asking questions to him but
you doesn't give him an answer and
leaves from there
after a few days we see that yu's friend
comes to him
he says to him you have become rich take
me with you but you doesn't give any
response on it
now we come to know that hua is selling
her cafe because she needs money
but before this you meet her he
purchases her cafe from her
here they start talking and they also
meet now u's personality has also
changed
he dressed up nicely and takes care of
him he used to stay suited booted
you was also enjoying this time you
again sees that old man from whom he
purchased pancakes
he secretly puts a bag in his shop there
was a lot of money in it
getting it that old man becomes happy
now you every day
sees the dreams and he took expensive
things from his dreams
this thing was beneficial for him
because now he has become a millionaire
and now he can fight with shadows in his
dreams
seeing this use friends says to him that
champion now you have a lot of money
so why don't you make a huge tower that
will be taller than burj khalifa
you can place the poor there because i
know my friend has a good heart
you says yes it is a good idea that
night
you seize the shadow in the dream who
was wearing a gold belt
as you touch as it his hand starts
burning but even then he holds it and
reaches home
when he was taking off the shadow's belt
the shadow has made some marks on you's
chest with his finger
but you ignored it now when he reaches
home the sword stabs in his chest at a
far
distance at the same point where the
shadow has made marks
then one night you seize the dream that
he has made that tower
when he goes to the rooftop and see he
sees the shadows face for the first time
he was none other than you and here a
mark was made on you's face
the same mark was given by the shadow to
you before
gradually many marks were made on his
face he was walking on the road and
thinking this
meanwhile some companions of the
gangsters come there
he kidnaps him as he reaches there the
gangster says to him that i want 10
million dollars from you
through you's friend those 10 million
dollars were conveyed
when the gangster receives the money he
holds use friend also
they all come to use house meanwhile hua
also comes there and the gangster also
holds her
that gangster says to his companions to
kill them use friend
starts fighting with them all you also
stands up but then a knife stabs in use
back
he gets injured the companions of the
gangster also kill you's friend
you comes out while taking hua with him
but the companions of the gangster again
hold him they stab a knife in his leg
they were continuously kicking his chest
from this he feels weak
in this attack hua also becomes injured
when he becomes faint he comes into his
dreams
he sees that shadow there and he sees
some old visions here
a glass wall comes in front of him when
he sees another side there was hwa
he tries to break that glass wall but he
couldn't break it
then he sees that he has turned into
that creature that shadow that came to
his dreams
it means that you was a shadow he
becomes strong and he goes inside while
breaking the wall
he kills them all with a gun but those
gangsters before dying have shot hua
a bullet shoots her arm and she was also
injured here she dies
now the shadow moves forward we see that
the genuine you
is lying on the floor that shadow shoots
him and when he finishes the antique
things were also removed
like this scene ends here now we see
that scene when he comes to his senses
in the store
and he was having a sword in his hand he
understands that i was seeing a long
dream
maybe it is happening because of my
disease but from where did this sword
comes to me
when he was thinking this the girl juan
takes him with her she gives him food
and says to him
that you can do the job here in my cafe
if you want you happily accepts this job
and soon he was financially stable
he again starts script writing soon his
scripts sell into a nice amount he was
happy to have this
then one day he meets with that old man
he gives him that bag that you gave him
the man says to him that this is your
money and i know everything
you go through it because i also put my
life at risk for all this you couldn't
believe all this
and the state again comes when you can't
analyze that is this reality or dream
in the last scene of the movie we see
that when you was sitting in the store
hua
comes to him that shadow was also
keeping an eye on them
it means the shadow was also in real
life don't know what will he do with
them
with it this movie ends here thank you
for watching